Hey.
Welcome back.
We're going to have a look at some more advanced features of composer.
One thing that I'd really like you to start thinking about as a developer is mixing shell script automations
with cursor templates or prompt templates.
Firstly, let's have a look at what the shell script does, and then we'll run through it line by line.
Personally, as a developer, I'm really excited about new and interesting ways to make my workflows
faster.
One of the ways you can do this is by using a shell script automation to generate a standardized project
config that you'll use for all of your Next.js applications.
We'll also combine this with the Superbase local stack with the Superbase CLI, and setting that up
properly so that it's all configured and ready to go.
We'll bundle it with Shadchan and install a couple of node packages along the way.
And what you'll end up with is something like this, where you have a client automatically created.
We'll have a components with all of the Shadchan components.
And then as well we also generate the types from the database automatically.
And then as well as that we also add in a thing like a cursor rules file And we've also got some prompt
templates that we're going to show you how you can use these prompt templates to generate entire files
and folder structures using Cursors Composer.
So that's the end goal.
But how do we get there?
Well, we firstly kill all the Docker containers.
You'll need Docker and homebrew to run this setup.
We then have a couple of functions.
We create a project file name, which in this case is client.
We then create a Next.js TypeScript application.
Then we bundle that with CDN and all next themes and radix UI.
Then we also install all of the CDN components asynchronously.
And then after that we install Supabase.
So we install some packages from Supabase.
We then check to see if the Superbase CLI is installed, and if not, we install that.
We go up to the root directory and then we run a superbase init which will install a superbase local
environment.
And once we have that local environment, we then create a migrations folder.
And then we run this creating our first migration.
We apply that migration here and generate type safe types from the client, and I've also included this
as a separate shell script for generate Typesafe, and that's an easy way for you to add on type safety
for your TypeScript clients in Superbase.
After that, then we create a dot env local file and paste in this information here, which allows you
to connect to the superbase stack.
And then you'll also see, because we're using composer, I found composer doesn't really work too well
when you've got lots of different folder structures.
So a client and a back end it can work.
But personally, if you're using Next.js, which is a full stack web application framework, I've personally
just said that for all the cursor prompt templates for these composer templates, I'm putting them straight
into the client folder.
And also notice how we're adding this cursor rules directly into the client folder.
Cool.
So that's the setup.
And then once you've run that you should have a client that's been built.
And you can reuse this over and over again.
And you're going to get a standardized CLI setup for Superbase.
And also you're going to get a Next.js application which has a couple of unique packages bundled and
all of the UI templates that go along with that.
Next thing we're going to do is we're going to go into the client folder.
So I'm going to open the client folder.
We're going to use some of these cursor prompt templates that I recommend you have.
And you can use these across multiple projects.
The idea is that if you're doing the same thing over and over again.
So one thing you might like to do as a developer is have standardized prompt templates that you can
reuse.
This means that when you're moving from project to project, you can easily copy these entire prompt
files and then have exactly how you need to set up your project.
You can see we've got one for the dashboard layout, where we've got one for the home page, and then
we can have ones for our Superbase auth settings.
We can even tell it exactly what types of files we want it to create.
Standardize that process.
Now let's have a look at the dashboard layout.
What I'm going to do is hit command shift I, I'm going to go into composer and create a new project
here and I'll call it dashboard.
Then I'm going to dump in that click New Composer and then create my dashboard.
And I hit enter.
What's interesting is that from project to project, Kerser knows exactly what we're looking for.
In the dashboard.
We need to have a logo on top.
Make sure that icons are smaller, the words are larger.
We also need to make sure that the sidebar is collapsible, and also the main content should take up
lots of the space.
And we've also said that we want a user profile icons.
If I go back to the control panel and create my dashboard, you'll now see that it's added on this.
Here I'm just going to click Accept All.
I'm going to have a look at these files.
So we've got this nice sidebar.
We've got a header.
And we've also got a page TSX.
And we've got that layout as well.
So let's go and have a look at the dashboard page.
All right.
One problem we can see here is I've got two versions of the same dashboard.
So I'm going to give the same problem back into cursor and see if it can figure it out.
Now we're going to step it up a notch and I'm going to use dictation watch in the bottom right corner.
I think there's a problem with the dashboard layout.
I think that the thing is I have two of the same dashboard.
Perhaps this is a problem in the root or the layouts file.
Can you have a look for me?
And then we can hit Ctrl V.
And then notice how we're able to get dictation working directly into composer.
I'll send a link for the application that I use to do this, and we'll have a look at that in a bit.
So now it's decided that the layout needs to be changed.
It's now modifying the layouts file and it's changing the dashboard layout.
I'm going to click Accept All Changes.
And then I'm going to have a look at how this looks inside of the front end.
All right there we go.
So we've got our dashboard.
Now the other thing I want to talk about is you could have lots of different prompt templates for lots
of different types of ideas.
Let's think about different types of things that you often want to scaffold inside your project.
For example, you could have a home page dot txt.
You could even have supabase or settings dot txt.
Let's also do something where we're going to create a composer project.
A composer project allows us to specifically have a new project which can attach multiple composers
to this.
For example, I could say authentication.
Then I can say what we want to just add the supabase auth text file and then we'll say create a new
composer.
And then I'll say I want you to create my authentication code inside my application.
What we're doing is setting up a composer project.
That means we can then add on all the relevant files to that project as it creates them, and then make
new composers that use the same project.
And why that's useful is because otherwise you would have to add on manually the same files every time
you made a composer.
If we now look, it's made a bunch of different files for us to implement.
You can see here we've got the auth form, the purchase button, the routes for stripe webhooks, and
all of that was contained in a prompt template.
The idea is that you can have a standardized way of creating this.
I can accept all of these changes.
And then after I've accepted these changes, then what I could do is then I could start adding these
changes to that composer session.
So I'll go back into the control panel.
If we go to authentication, we can add those focus files.
Let's have a look.
We can also add the Supabase auth settings dot txt and I can tell it I want to create a new composer.
I want you to look for bugs in my authentication, and to make sure that all of the files have been
created.
Right.
So this this composer project gives you an easy way to always have these reference files at hand, which
means you don't have to manually add them each time you make a composer session.
You can see that it's actually not done everything he needed to do a login page, and it needed to make
a stripe purchase button.
And then what I often find is that you end up with a bunch of different errors from when these files
are created.
One way you can get around this if I just close composer and we go command shift P, you do the restart
TypeScript server.
What's happening is you'll see that we don't have any of these, so we don't have this file.
We know that when we restarted the TypeScript file we don't have that.
And we also don't have stripe.
So then we can put all of these errors into composer.
So I'll load a new window.
We're going to still stay in the authentication project.
I'm going to make a new composer.
And then I'm just going to add these manually into the composer project.
Right.
So we're still using that authentication project inside of composer, but we're now adding all of the
TypeScript errors.
And some of these are going to be npm installs.
So it's probably going to tell us that we need to install the npm package.
So I'll install stripe.
And it's also told us that we're missing an all form and a purchase button.
And it's also told me to install this one here.
Then I'm going to click Accept All.
So you can see I'm iteratively working on auth.
We've got an auth form.
Now let's also see if there are some other problems.
So I'm also going to restart the TypeScript server.
Let's see if we can find any errors.
So we still can't find this this lib super base folder.
So let's have a look in our lib.
And we can say I don't think you have created the super base lib folder structure.
And we can reference our super base off settings dot txt which has all the information it needs, which
we've scraped directly from the super base documentation and telling it.
These are the files that are needed to create.
And now you'll see we've got the client, the server, and it's added middleware in the root directory
of the project.
It's also told us that we need to add the next public super base URL add on key to our project.
I'm going to click accept.
And then what I'm going to do is throw this in.
So looks like this isn't applicable.
We need something relevant that looks like that to fix that one.
And I'm going to also restart the TypeScript server.
So I'm going to do that shift p restart TypeScript server.
And it looks like we've fixed everything.
We've got a couple of different errors.
We'll fix this.
You can also do right click and say fix with I.
That will also work as well.
And you can do that here.
So that will fix the I in the chat.
I found that to be quite useful as well.
So we can just click apply and then that's going to apply that change.
Right.
So now we've got a problem where we don't have icons.
So I'm going to click and use that.
You can see here I'm also mixing in the chat.
One thing I'm going to do is click run this npm install.
So let's run that.
We also need a new component here which is in the components UI.
That's the icons component.
Let's have a look and see if it got that one.
If not, we can manually do that one ourselves.
That's not too much of a problem.
So I'll just copy this code here.
Right.
You could always restart the TypeScript command shift P restart TypeScript server.
And you can see the error is going away.
I want you to find any bugs in my application code for authentication.
We need this to be production ready I'm going to go back into the control panel in cursor.
I'm going to add on all the extra reference files that we have.
So let's have a look at this.
We've got purchased.
So I want to have for example let's have a look here.
We've got purchase button or form.
We're going to want the roots.
If we go into the components we're going to want things like the auth form.
Get those.
So we'll go purchase button.
What am I looking for.
I'm looking for things like let's have a look.
What other components do we want.
I can just close this down.
Have a look at my application.
Look do we have a login page?
We do.
We have a login page.
And we also have these create checkout session and webhook.
So I'm going to go back to compose with command shift I.
And then I'm going to add in I'm going to go stripe and I need to add in these webhooks.
So we've got both of those routes which is good.
We want to add in the login route Is there anything else we probably want to add in the dashboard?
That would probably be quite useful.
So we'll add in the dashboard layout, the header and the sidebar.
We've now got everything inside of our composer project, which means we can load a new composer and
say, I want you to look for any bugs and fix any bugs within the authentication.
Also, show me how to use it.
So now we've fixed any TypeScript bugs, and it needs to make sure that we've got everything.
With any improvements.
We've got our two API endpoints, which is the create checkout session with stripe.
And we've also got the webhook.
I'm not too convinced on the fact that we don't have a lot of event types.
So I'm going to improve and we can add a file.
I'm going to accept all these changes and keep working with composer.
And I'll say add file and we'll say webhook.
Make it so that it uses Supabase.
And we're also going to add the folder.
So this is where I would often throw in the SQL types.
That's probably useful to save to the user.
And in this case I'm actually just going to paste these directly in.
But it could also be useful to have the SQL migrations to hand, so that you can easily paste those
in as a app folder reference.
For now, I'm just going to show you exactly what SQL is, and I want it to also improve the webhook
route so that when we have purchased events happening from stripe, then we can easily handle all those
different types of events.
So you can see now it's rewriting the webhook, and it's doing it to be a lot more verbose.
And again we just click accept.
And then we've got a couple of errors here.
So let's just throw those into composer.
Composer.
So I hit command shift I and then I go back I'll make a new composer.
And I'm just going to throw these in.
And these are the fact that this error is a type of unknown.
So we need to be more specific on what that is
So we've got a remember to import author.
And there we go.
So now we've got better types.
Uh now we'll say how do I use this within my project.
Can you show me how to run this locally using the Superbase local stack?
So it gives us some information about the fact that we need to have superbase running.
We need to start the Superbase project.
So in my terminal, I'm just going to go up here and do Superbase start.
And then we can see Superbase is already running.
We can confirm that if I just have a look here by doing Docker PS and you can see we've got our Superbase
local stack running.
So then let's have a look at what we have on the front end.
We're going to CD back into the client and do npm run dev and have a look in the client.
Okay so we've got a couple of problems here.
We don't have a register route.
And the login for example.
It's using a magic link email and password in Google.
But we don't specifically have a register route.
row.
So one thing I'm going to do, and the other problem we have is it's wrapped in this dashboard routing.
So this is another thing that we're going to go and fix.
So we're going to go back into cursor.
So we're going to go back into cursor and fix that.
So I've loaded my authentication project that has all of the relevant files.
And now what we also need to do is we need to make sure that we add a new composer.
And then I'll say number one, I need a register page that needs to be properly filled in.
We'll give it the SQL here.
We could have also provided a SQL file.
Um, now we also say the dashboard layout should not wrap the entire application and should be separated
as a root group using Next.js with the brackets.
And let's see if it can figure these two out.
Cool.
So it's created this.
It's created a register form.
So it's creating a register page.
A register form component.
And then we'll see if it's able to fix the dashboard.
So you can see it's using these route groups.
We've got one for the dashboard.
And we've got our.
So you can add more pages to the dashboard there.
Let's have a look.
So I'm going to click Accept All and we'll have a look and see the changes.
So now we've got a dashboard which has its own layout.
And we also have the rest of everything else.
Let's see if we've got any problems.
It looks like we do have some errors.
Let's see if I can just restart the TypeScript server.
And if those fix those errors and it has indeed.
Okay.
So let's go back to the application.
And we have got an error here where we can't import the buttons.
So I'm going I'm going to just see if this is actually a problem in the components UI.
Do we have a button.
We do.
And do we have a icons.
I think this is a false positive error.
Let's just have a look.
Okay.
So on the login page we just have a form which is exactly what we want with our login.
And we also have the slash register, which also just has a form on it as well.
Right.
So the last thing that I want to do is just click register and see if this actually registers a user.
So we'll go into the profiles table and you can see we've got a new record or row that has just landed
in the profiles table.
And also in the local database.
If we look inside of authentication we've got a new user inside of the Superbase localized stack on
a Docker container that is now doing test at example.
I can keep going with this and add on extra error handling and redirects for both the login and register
pages, but hopefully you get the rough idea of what we're doing here with composer.
We're adding lots of different files to composer.
As composer generates those files, we then add those into the composer project.
That then means that when we come back to doing a similar task, we've already got all the reference
files there.
In the next video, we're going to have a look at how you can use dictation to improve your flow and
speak directly to composer.